Dares{
    Slap Your Opponents.
    Get a slap from your Opponents.
    tell the most embarrassing movement of your school life.
    Show the most embarrasing photo on your phone.
    Give a foot massage to your opponents.
    Let your opponents message someone from your instagram account.
    Eat a raw onion.
    Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
    Be your all opponent's pet for next 5 minutes.
    Let your opponents ticke you for 1 minute and if you laugh start it over again.
    Do 30 push ups without a break and if you stopped in between start it over again.
    Do 10 push ups on one hand without a break and if you stopped in between start it over again.
    eat 5 pinches of red chilli powder.
    Call dominos and say pizza hut is better that you .
    give a sholder massage to opponents.
    Mix all the sauces you have in your house and eat at least half tea spoon of it.
    Act like a dog for two minutes without laughing and if you laugh start it over again.
    speak like a robot for next 5 turns.
    Let all player write something on your head and don’t wipe it off until the end of the game.
    Say everthing by singing for 10 min.
    Put your tongue out and cite a poem for at least 30 seconds.
    Set your crush’s picture as your instagram profile picture.
    give the person on your right a back ride until your next turn.
    
}
Truth{
    What is the biggest lie you have ever told
    what was your most embarrasing movement of your school life
    When was the last time you peed in bed
    what is your deepest fear
    What is something your friends never expect you to do
    What is the worst thing you have ever done
    What is the secret you didnt told to your parents about
    Who do you text most
    what is the stupidest thing you have ever done
    Who is your crush
    Who was your first celebrith crush
    have you ever cheated in a exam
    Who would you like to kiss in this room
    Tell your opponents that you didnt wanted to tell him/her
    Tell us about the last dream you can remember. Don’t leave any details out!
    Have you ever lied about being sick so you could stay home from work or school?
    If you could do one thing you did when you were a child, what would it be?
    What is the one thing you dislike about yourself?
    What is the one thing you really like about yourself?
    What is the one thing you would stand in line for 10 hours?
    If anyone in your family could win an award for being the most annoying, who would it be?
    What is your least favorite household chore?
    If you could hire someone to do one thing for you, what would it be?
    What was the worst gift you ever received?
    Have you ever sent an inappropriate text to your mom or dad by accident?
    Have you ever bought something to wear to an event and then returned it to the store when the event was over?
    What was your favorite childhood television show?
    What is one thing you did as a child that you still enjoy?
    Where is your favorite vacation spot?
    If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
    Have you ever forgotten a special person’s birthday?
    On a scale from 1-10, where does your patience fall?
    Say the funniest joke you’ve ever heard.
    Have you ever been stuck in an elevator and if so who were you with?
    What was your favorite subject in school?
    What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
    What is the best gift you ever received and by whom?
    What is your favorite sport?
    What is your favorite ride at the amusement park?
    What makes you the happiest?
    If there was one thing you could change about yourself, what would it be?
    What do you like to do when you are with your friends?
    Who was your first crush?
    How old were you when you had your first crush?
    What is the best time of day for you?
    Name the three websites you visit the most.
    What is your favorite vegetable?
    What is your favorite fruit?
    What season is your favorite?
    If you could be someone else for a day who would you be?
    Do you prefer talking or texting?
}